Hi. I’m Haley.
My friends call me the Queen of Odd Jobs.
Among other random things, I work as something called a brand ambassador. Chances are, you’ve run into someone like me before without even realizing it.
If you’ve ever been to a trade show or convention and saw someone at a booth pulling people in, explaining the product, and hyping it up… that’s us. If you’ve passed a brand pop-up (especially in cities like LA or NYC) and someone handed you free swag… also us. At a music festival? I’m the woman sampling liquor, giving out merch. Test-driven a car at an auto show? Me again.
Basically, brand ambassadors promote products or services for a company. We’re everywhere- and yet, it feels like a secret industry.
I do this full-time. Some weeks I’m booked solid; other weeks I’ve got nothing lined up. I’ve had $10k months and $2k months. It’s a rollercoaster.
Other freelancers (photographers, DJs, traveling bartenders) might be able to relate.
Why do I do it? Two big reasons:
1. I studied the future of work in college and became obsessed with how people spend their days. This job lets me float between industries—from tech to construction, food to beauty. I feel like a fly on the wall for it all.
2. It makes me feel free. My life goal has always been to travel. With this job, I can grind for six months and then take a month-long trip. It’s let me explore new cities, events, and industries—and get paid doing it. It’s given me the power to say no to a terrible gig, or say, “I’m going to Argentina for April.”
Of course, it’s not all sunshine and rainbows. There are moments when I’m in fetal position on the couch wondering why I don’t just get a 9–5 with stable income? That’s when my boyfriend talks me down and says, “remember your dreams.” Thanks, Bry ;)
I used to be constantly stressed about money. The freedom and self-responsibility was a little too real.
But that changed when I became financially literate!
I learned how to invest in the stock market, how to build an emergency fund, and how to save/invest more than 50% of my income each month. All of the boring things. But, it was important for me to bring a little order to a chaotic lifestyle.
Because here’s the thing: when you don’t have a 9–5, saving and investing matters more. No one’s catching you. You’re it.
So now I’m building Bookd. It’s a tool for event workers and freelancers like me - people with unpredictable income and scattered gig schedules.
It tracks your event income, mileage, receipts, tax estimates, and generates a year-end report for taxes. Each gig takes under 30 seconds to log, and it could save you thousands in deductions.
This Substack is about helping people with work freedom achieve financial freedom.
I’ll share stories of the random gigs I work, thoughts on the future of work, and financial tips for those who are booked and busy. The freelancers I meet are the most creative, driven, and alive people I know. But their problems are often overlooked. I want to build something that speaks to us- the people reimagining work as we go.
